# Steve meeting, Thu May 1st

- meet, the 3 of us. Not Monday or Tuesday. Can Julian come visit Sysemia on the 21st or 22nd?
- rearrange meeting with Joanna Bryson
- ask at Sussex about narratology conferences

## P & J

- could you automate topical stuff?
- should the narrative (agent) be part of the environment?
- capture this thread of development. Can have simplistic goals, but not as satisfying as emotional, abstract goals.

## Hypothesis

If a user is presented facts in a linear fashion, a narrative, and an interactive narrative, which is best for memory retention?

## Action items
- email Julian
- create ontology for P & J based on Propp

