# Punch and Judy - use cases

## Use cases

Actors: user, audience members

### Run with sane defaults
The user opens the program, changes no settings and runs the animation. A canonical Punch and Judy animation plays. Defaults are: 4 scenes, consisting of:

- Introduction from Joey the clown
- Punch, Judy and baby scene
- Policeman scene
- Crocodile scene

Initial emotional states of agents are chosen at random, and all characters die except Punch.

User interaction is off by default.

### Audience participation
The user opens the program and selects 'Enable audience audio interaction'. When the animation plays, Punch and other characters ask the audience questions (such as "Where is he?"). They react to the noise level generated by the audience, which changes the course of events.

### Choose how many scenes are in the show
The user chooses how many scenes go into the show (from 1 - 6). The specific scenes can also be chosen, but this is optional. If there are unspecified scenes, they are chosen at random from unused scenes. The animation plays with the specified number of scenes.

### Choose the order in which scenes happen
At the setting screen, the user can choose the order in which the scenes occur, by assigning a number to each scene that they've specified. If they don't give a scene a number, it is assigned one at random. The show plays with the scenes in the specified order.

### Choose the initial emotions of each character
The user chooses the emotional state of each character at the options screen. This is optional, and if a state is not chosen it is selected at random at runtime. The animation plays, and the characters behave as intended.

### Change character deaths
The user chooses which characters die during the course of the animation (including Punch!). The animation plays, and the characters are killed by Punch. If Punch is selected, he is killed by the final character to appear. If it is not specified whether or not a character dies, this is decided at random.
